[jazz music]
[Peter] Toby, Jacob,
I've been waiting for this one.
-We've got the bikes down there.
-Yep.
We're gonna rip around town.
Learn it through the eyes of the locals.
-People are coming from all over the world
to Northwest Arkansas.
This is the biggest collector of talent.
It's very intentional here.
Everything you see here, from the art,
from the coffee,
the live music, the trail system,
is to attract and retain
millennials and Gen Z.
-Bike trail system?
-Bike trail system.
We have 500 miles of bike trail
from greenway to singletrack.
USA Cycling's mountain bike,
and cross-country teams train here.
There's a lot of tourists as well.
Okay. And so Jacob, who I thought
was your brother, is your son.
-That's right.
-So good work on that.
Good work on aging. So it has to do with
the biking here, maybe.
This is very outdoorsy here.
The culture is kind of Colorado.
It's very mountainous,
there are a lot of outdoorsy people here,
and people are attracted
to active lifestyle.
Bentonville was
a 3,000-person town in the 1990s.
-How many is it now?
-65,000, but the metro is around 620,000.
-And we're passing a million next decade.
-That's crazy.
Yep.
[Peter] So this building,
we're biking on it.
-Biking up the building and down.
The Ledger is the first
bikeable building in the United States.
There is a exoskeleton that doubles
as a trail all the way to the roof.
-Exoskeleton?
-Yeah.
-So we're wrapping around the building?
-That's right.
This is awesome.
-And we have public art everywhere,
including these medallions.
These are bugs and jewels
native to Arkansas.
This trail goes from
the seventh story to the floor.
-So when you get out in the country,
when you travel and you say,
I'm from Arkansas,
what's the standard reply?
If I say Arkansas, I'll get an eye roll.
If I say Bentonville,
people are starting to perk up.
-They get it?
-Yep.
Oh, that's beautiful. Look at that.
Looks like a co-working space.
Oh, these are some nice old homes here.
Jacob, what's the price
on something like that?
-I would say 1.8,
close to 2 for this location.
-Oh, geez.
-These are all new, these buildings?
-It's a new hotel.
From the ledger to the moto
to a lot of these new buildings,
this is all in the last five years.
-Okay, nice, bougie.
Are you gonna call it bougie? Fair to say?
There's even signs that say,
keep Bentonville bougie. [chuckles]
Bentonville started out
as an apple orchard town,
but Sam Walton moved here
after World War II.
And in 1950, started
the Walton Five and Dime right here.
In 1962, he opened his actual first Walmart
in Rogers, the next town over.
He changed retail forever.
He was the richest man in the world
and he still was driving this Ford.
-This is a Walmart museum?
-Yeah. Gonna walk right on through.
-Are there some Walmart lovers out there,
like true patriots to Walmart?
Yeah. So Walmart's really shifted
its focus to its associates.
If you work at Walmart
after a number of years
you get invited to corporate.
So, half of the employees
are international,
and half are here in the United States,
and they come from all over
to the mothership.
-The mothership?
And that's the original office?
-Yeah, that's Sam's original office.
-Interesting.
Oh, and this goes on for a ways.
-Yeah, it tells the whole story,
going from 1 to 10,000 Walmarts.
-First products of Walmart.
-Walmart is still fortune one.
This is the largest company in the world
in revenue and employee count.
-I didn't know that.
-Yes. This is Fortune one.
-Bigger than NVIDIA?
-In terms of revenue, yep.
Profits no, revenue, yes?
-Yes. Very thin margins with Walmart.
-So this is Sam?
-Yep.
He was a hunter and a fisher.
-He's just an everyday guy.
-Just a good old boy.
Yep. Hunting with Jimmy Carter.
Two more floors. Keeps on going. Okay.
So there's a lot of history in Bentonville.
This road right here
was the original Trail of Tears.
-For the Cherokee?
-Yeah, 1830s, they came through here.
You're only 20 miles
from Cherokee Nation in Oklahoma.
-I've been to the Eastern Band of Cherokee.
It's actually really nice.
There was also a Civil War battle
just outside of Bentonville
right down this road.
So one industry
totally changed the landscape?
Thousand percent.
One industry, that because of Walmart,
every major brand in the world
has an office here.
-What I'm liking about this,
You guys are comfortable
leaving your expensive e-bikes.
That's exactly right.
We can leave this here and come back.
All right. Cool.
So as we open up the Walmart story today,
-I got some pressing questions, okay?
-You bet.
I want to make sure
the audience doesn't think this is
a Walmart propaganda video.
This town is way beyond
Walmart at this point.
-It is?
-Absolutely.
So the Walton family's
former offices are above us.
But now above us is
some co-working for startups.
This town has actually organized
incubators and accelerators
where we actually grow startups
from around the United States
and relocate them.
So when I shop, I never go to Walmart.
-I'm an Amazon guy.
-Yeah.
That's the biggest competition, right?
It is, but what's interesting is Walmart's
really fending them off pretty quickly.
Come on.
Walmart's e-commerce growth
has really taken off since COVID.
Somebody actually goes…
And this is how out of touch I am.
I know this is
your wheelhouse here, Walmart.
I would never go to a Walmart website
and order anything.
That's what Amazon's for.
Well, it's become very normalized
as you get your groceries
ordered from the app or you schedule it
and it's brought to you by drone.
And that R&D is here.
That bums me out.
It's happening right above us.
-Ah, come on. I hate hearing those things.
-Yeah.
-But they're all buzzing around?
-Yep.
-We have drone delivery of product here.
-Okay.
But let's just be devil's advocate on that.
Convenience, great.
Okay. Efficiency, great.
Less use and abuse on the roads
and gas being used and all that.
That's exactly right.
But do you want to live in a world
where you're out in nature
and you hear [buzzing] all day long?
It's a balance. It's a balance.
You hardly notice it here.
Okay, I'd love to see it.
-It's happening right here.
And it's almost like Jacob's our security.
-Even though we don't need it.
-We'll cut through here.
Thank you, Jacob.
The Walton family still owns
nearly half the stock of Walmart.
There are family offices
is in this building.
Up here is the office full of startups.
You got all different types
of businesses being built up here.
All just working in one place,
sharing their ideas.
It's a really good community.
Are you into business?
I'm a finance student at the U of A, so…
We're gonna hang out
with your buddies later, right?
Yes, I'm looking forward to it.
Show me what college life
is like these days.
Fayetteville's a beautiful town.
You'll love it.
We just walked by a Walmart.
-Where?
-This is a Walmart marketplace.
Oh, it's a small Walmart.
Yeah. This is a Walmart marketplace
embedded in downtown.
-It just blends right in.
-So that's rare.
You don't see the small Walmarts
in the country.
Well, Walmart marketplaces are prevalent.
It's just the grocery side.
But this one here in particular
blends right in.
-But are those rolling out in other places?
-Yes.
-They are? Okay.
Every one of these doors is a new startup.
They all work together.
-How are you guys doing?
-Good.
What are you working on?
I do a startup
where we flag risk in addiction relapse
using biometric wearables.
So we sell into
treatment centers, facilities.
-Okay.
-Around substance use disorder.
-That's cool.
We can identify when people are at risk
of relapse using biometric wearables.
My little sister has been in and out
of treatment for the last 10 years.
She can sell ice to Eskimos.
And she is so good at
manipulating the system.
And so by bringing objective data
to the forefront
of her recovery process,
she can't, like, cheat that.
-Are you wearing one right now?
-Yeah.
So this is currently…
You can see this is what people wear.
I have a PHQ-9 assessment due,
which is a clinically validated assessment.
Okay.
So why not go to the Bay Area for this?
There's more venture over there.
It's not that…
Well, so being here
for health tech is really important
because we've got
so much going on in health care,
innovation in health care.
At the Alice Walton School of Medicine,
she's redefining
how health care is being done.
I came in 2018. I liked it.
At the time, I was living in DC.
And then post-COVID, I was like,
I want something smaller town
but big city amenities.
I want nature.
I want to be able to have everything
within 5 to 15 minute drive.
-Okay.
And Bentonville's awesome for that.
[Peter] So like many American cities,
you're not dealing with
homelessness in the park.
No, it's very unusual.
You guys just don't accept it.
You're not gonna let that fly.
It actually hasn't been
like a removal process.
As a metropolitan area,
Fayetteville has basically
our metro's homeless population
'cause that's where the servicing is.
So homeless shelter, the food,
that system,
is built out in South Fayetteville.
So far from here, like 30 minutes or so.
-30 minutes.
-Okay.
One hour away from the bikes.
Yeah, we're an hour from the bikes.
Didn't lock them.
-And I left all my camera stuff in here.
-Yeah.
-That's what you want.
-No problem.
[Peter] Toby, the town is connected
with these bike paths, yeah?
Yes. All of Northwest Arkansas is.
So that's great.
You're right in downtown, you hop on this.
It's great in these times
where there's a lot of
negativity in media,
with our politicians,
with the world in general.
And getting in environments like this where
you can just feel the optimism,
see the energy.
Bentonville, not long ago, was nothing.
And now it's thriving.
You know what I'm saying?
All these towns are in their cycles.
-That's true.
-Right?
I was in Pine Bluff not that long ago
it was thriving.
It was where it was happening
and this was nothing.
-Well…
-Right?
And now this is full steam ahead.
The whole nation was based on farming
and Pine Bluff was a mecca
of that rice and cotton system.
And with the river right there,
the Arkansas River, transport it out.
These office buildings
just keep on going huh?
-I work for the University of Arkansas.
That's my office.
-Okay, so this is it, right?
The headquarters?
-This is the beginning.
-What's the size of the headquarters?
There's about 14,000 employees here.
14,000 employees. How many acres?
I believe it's about 300 acres.
-300 acres?
-Yep.
The whole place?
So Walmart's headquarters was very humble.
It was just in a one warehouse
all the way until last year.
-Seriously?
-Yeah.
They went to town on this operation.
This is about
talent attraction and retention.
-So you're saying the model here is
get the millennials and the Z's in.
Yeah, absolutely.
-You need to make it interesting enough
for them to be here.
Yeah, they want a balanced lifestyle,
they want food,
they want live music, they want outdoors,
and everything here
is about whole health.
So it's centered on nature,
Taking breaks during your work day.
This is right in the middle of campus
and people are walking to coffee shops.
That's actually a fitness center
just for Walmart employees.
-Okay, so Toby, when I think of Walmart,
I'm not thinking of
the healthiest place on the planet.
I'm thinking bags of chips,
Coca-Cola, and Pepsi.
Though I will say
they have kombucha now, which is cool.
Synergy Kombucha.
Which I think is great. I drink that stuff.
They've gotten better
with the produce, I will say.
'Cause some of these towns I go to
the best thing going for groceries
is Walmart, right?
Often in food deserts,
Walmart's the only option.
But then when I'm out here in Bentonville,
It doesn't have the Walmart feel at all,
I'm gonna say.
Does that make sense?
I understand what you're saying,
but here this is the Walmart feel.
-There are different Walmart universes.
Yeah. People from all over the world
relocate here to work for Walmart.
Okay, a lot of Indians, right?
There's a lot from India, there's a lot
from all across the United States.
The summer internship program,
for instance,
there's 50,000 applicants
and they only accept 500.
And they're from all over the United States
including the Ivy Leagues.
-Are they hiring right now?
-They're always hiring.
Look at this stonework here.
That's beautiful.
I mean, you wish Walmart
could all look like this.
Economically,
there's no way that would work
if all the Walmarts around the country
had this look and feel. Right?
It's too expensive to build,
but this is nice.
Yeah, this is about
talent attraction and retention,
but of course the Walmart stores are about
optimizing for value so you can have
affordable produce and product.
-Yeah.
-[man] Sorry.
-Hey, no problem.
-Hey guys, how's it going here right now?
-Awesome.
-Do you like working here?
-We do.
Where are you guys from?
He's from here. I'm from California.
I travel every few weeks.
-Oh, okay. So you live in California,
you travel here for work.
-My colleagues, yes.
-It's awesome.
You should have seen it 16 years back.
It's very different.
-You've been with the company that long?
Yeah. Like 6:00,
it would shut down in the evening,
but now it's like… it's awesome.
-The whole town?
-Yeah.
Let's cruise this zone.
There we go, guys.
We have a full-on food truck scene.
That is a cool food truck.
So this campus is open.
Anyone can cruise through here?
-Open campus, yeah.
[Peter] It just keeps going and going.
It's like its own city.
[Toby] It is.
Never ends.
-Never ends. That is the truth.
So it might even be cooler or just as cool
to work at Walmart
as it is Apple and Google.
That's right. Yeah, actually.
Are they trying?
That's the competition right?
It is for talent for sure.
[Jacob] So even just on
the outskirts of Bentonville,
a house like this will still go for 800k,
close to a million,
just because of the location.
They have the children's center
down there that's massive.
It's almost like a company town.
Sort of and all of
the largest investments in the town
come from one company,
but it's been a net benefit
on everyone that lives here.
-Yeah, like a company town
seemed to be done the right way.
-I think it's done the right way.
This is a children's museum.
-Who's the Scott family?
-That was a former executive at Walmart.
-Oh, wow. Look at that.
This is like something
you'd see in Scandinavia.
-Yeah. This is the new
Alice L. Walton School of Medicine.
It's the first in the world MD program
centered on whole health,
the whole spectrum of whole health.
-Seriously?
-Mind, body, yes.
[Peter] What a beautiful building
and you just ride right through it.
[Toby] You can.
She's centered on art and wellness.
And she looks at it as one thing,
art and wellness.
So on her campus is
Crystal Bridges Museum of American Art.
So you can go to the roof
and there's trees and cactuses above us.
-Wanna do a quick…
-Yeah. Let's do it.
Let's park those.
The inaugural class
just happened in August of 2025.
So this is a brand new medical school.
First students just enrolled.
Yeah. They started in August.
So the next class,
the second class will start this summer.
Tuition is free?
For the first five years,
tuition is free for the first five classes.
-Bring in the best?
-Bring in the best of the best.
There are people from Duke University,
Stanford, and Cleveland Clinic.
They're all involved in kind of
formation of this medical school.
-And this is the roof?
-That's right.
It's the largest green roof
in the United States.
It's two and a half acres.
-You have cacti, prickly pear?
Yeah. So we're on the roof
of the medical school,
but on this half is clinics.
So there'll be clinics on this side,
on that side is the classroom.
The culture here is to
spend time outside during the workday.
You'll see this even down at
the University of Arkansas.
There's a mountain bike trail
that goes through campus.
I so wouldn't go to school.
[Toby chuckles]
[Peter] Since 2020,
a 13.8 increase in population
here in this town.
-Yeah.
-That's insane.
[Toby] In the year 2000 there was
only 19,000 people in Bentonville.
-So it's not even just Walmart jobs,
construction jobs galore.
-Yeah, absolutely.
-Okay. You guys though,
you got to worry about that a bit.
You don't want to blow out
what's so nice up here.
That's where
the mountain biking is up there?
-Yeah. It's a tricky spot because
outdoor recreation and the great outdoors
in the Ozarks, is our culture.
This metropolitan area is growing so fast.
We'll pass a million in the next decade.
So there's very intentionality
about narrowing our footprint,
having more dense population here.
So there's actually a coordinated effort
across all these cities
to actually redo zoning laws.
So that way you can have
more homes per single family.
-You're gonna have to build up.
-Have to build up.
-Do more of that.
-And also do more density, ADUs.
Go to where you can have
two or three dwellings on one parcel.
-Okay. So I'm sure it's divisive
depending on who you're talking to.
Some people, the locals that grew up here,
I'm sure some are like,
what happened to my town?
Well, there are unicorns left
where people grew up here,
but almost everybody's from somewhere else.
But there is a little bit of rage
against the change.
I mean this is a rapidly changing town.
That's so rapid.
-It used to be where people
would migrate to the jobs.
Now people are migrating to livability.
Its challenge is affordable housing.
-This is beautiful, isn't it?
-Yeah.
-It's so amazing.
-Yeah. It's pretty special, isn't it?
-What's your dog's name?
-That is Saturday.
-Saturday?
-Yeah.
We're making a video of Bentonville
'cause it's so beautiful.
My first time here.
-I'm Alice.
-Alice.
Peter. I live in Florida.
Okay.
But I had no idea
Northwest Arkansas looked like this.
Most people don't.
It's a pleasant surprise.
-This architecture is top-notch.
-Oh, thank you.
I thought I was coming into Finland.
Finland or Scandinavia.
It is kind of.
-Take care, ma'am.
-Thank you.
Have a good one.
She works here?
You just met
the wealthiest woman on the planet.
-That's Alice Walton.
-No way.
She's worth $130 billion.
-Yeah.
-You didn't stage that?
-Not at all.
I looked and I was like, guys,
should probably turned over there.
We'll cut through the woods
and we'll cut over to Crystal Bridges.
-That's so cool.
-She built all this.
There are a lot of
famous billionaires in the United States.
But we only have one family
that acts like basically the Vanderbilts,
having to do with
giving back to a community.
And they center so narrowly
to Northwest Arkansas.
So what you're seeing here
is a massive redevelopment.
And they want to use Bentonville
as an example for the rest of the world.
-Okay, the money is coming back into here,
but it's not like Carnegie where you saw
the libraries all over the country
in every small town.
The Gilded Age wealth that was
going out throughout the country.
-I can't speak for the family
but it's very intentional
to make Northwest Arkansas
the greatest place to
live, work, and play in the United States.
And of course, that's self-serving
because they can attract talent here
to work for corporate here.
All right, guys, gotta say,
this is a new for me,
quite a fascinating experience.
I hope it comes through the camera
because it just goes to show
you can travel the country
full-time for a job
and constantly come into things
you never knew existed.
I mean, I've heard of Bentonville,
but I never thought anything of it.
That's the beauty of living in
such a large, dynamic country.
Is there are millions
of different worlds to enter.
This is the Heartland
Whole Health Institute.
It's another branch of
Alice Walton's efforts.
Two things are happening here.
There's a team focused on trying to change
how healthcare is done in America.
And the other thing is the Walton family
is incubating a new STEM university
that will begin in 2029
here in Bentonville.
The founding team's in there
working on the future of education.
Experiential learning,
industry collaborations, learning by doing.
-How old is this building?
-It's about two years old.
There is an art gallery on the first floor.
[Peter] What a stunning building.
[Toby] The flagstone is
quintessential Arkansas.
-Do you know the architect?
-Marlon Blackwell is the architect.
Wow, guys. I really hope
the camera captures some of this.
Had no clue we'd be doing
an architectural tour today.
What's the name of this place?
-Crystal Bridges Museum of American Art.
-In this small city?
-Mm-hmm.
Alice procured the best art
across the Americas and brought 'em here.
She quietly did it for about a decade
and then they opened this in 2011.
-So she just had this grand vision
of what to do here?
-Yep.
[Toby] This is the largest collection
of American art in the United States.
It goes from pre-colonial 1600s
to modern times.
Native American art as well.
The Leonardo DiCaprio movie
is based on this famous painting.
-The Revenant.
-Yep.
And when he filmed a movie in Tulsa
which is only two hours,
he came to visit the painting.
-No way.
-Yeah.
-That's my favorite director,
Alejandro Inarritu.
-Yep. That's right.
Babel, 21 Grams, Beautiful.
Yeah.
-Birdman. Birdman was a classic.
-Yeah.
One of my favorites.
Georgia O'Keeffe.
[Toby] This is Brooklyn in 1820.
You actually can look up
this exact intersection that still exists.
It's actually right underneath
the Brooklyn Bridge now.
[diners chattering]
-What is this place?
-This is called the castle.
Looks like a castle up here.
Everyone can send it from here.
You work your way to the top.
From here there's three ways down.
You got some black diamond,
blue stuff, and some green stuff.
-Sweet.
-Yeah.
This guy's gonna send it.
-Here he goes.
-Let's see it.
Are we gonna see it through the trees?
[Peter] Oh, this is sweet.
Roller coaster stuff.
For any mountain bikers out there,
this is what you want to see.
Look at that.
-You can go as extreme as you want.
-Absolutely.
-There's some big drops?
-There is some big drops.
[Peter] Right off the highway here.
And then it goes all down this way.
We're gonna hit the road soon.
You're gonna take off, right?
-I am. Yep.
-Toby's taking off.
Jacob's taking over.
But Toby, what was this before?
This was a Kraft cheese factory.
Now it's a modern art gallery
with a cocktail lounge on top.
-I love when they take old factories
and do this, you know?
Okay, Toby, before you depart,
here's my big question.
I get it. It's not just a one-horse show,
whatever you want to call it.
There's more than Walmart.
But say Walmart went down.
Doesn't look like it at all, obviously.
But say, whatever.
Amazon, a new player comes on board.
Walmart has tough times.
The whole town's going
down with it, though, right?
Walmart's very resilient.
Actually, when there's recessions,
Walmart actually outperforms everything.
So this is very resilient.
We actually have
a really strong backbone here.
But there's innovators moving in here
by the day and they're the ones
that are gonna be part of
the next chapter of Northwest Arkansas.
[jazz music]
So this is the Walmart Amp.
It was opened in I think around 2012.
Huge shows, probably 10,000 people,
anyone that you can think of.
We got Dave Matthews this year,
Mumford & Sons.
-I've been to tons of shows here.
-Nice.
-We're out of Bentonville, right?
-We're in Rogers, Arkansas.
-Okay, totally different town?
-Yes.
This is where all of
the corporate vendors are setting up.
So right in front of us,
you'll see all the high rises
from General Mills, Coke, Colgate, Nestle.
They're all right here.
Because their biggest client is Walmart,
they keep a presence really close.
And they've built out this area
just in the past 10 years.
None of this was here.
-10 years ago, nothing was here?
-None of these high rises.
The Walmart Amp was just put in.
This is very new.
I think it's been sustainable so far,
and we're still projected
to keep growing the next few years.
But it's definitely happened really fast.
So kind of hard to contemplate
what's going on…
-…in this area.
-Right.
And all of this just pops up.
So even us locals
are still exploring all the new stuff.
Okay.
Has there been a huge displacement,
or there just weren't
that many people here before?
I think there's some displacement.
The properties around here
have gotten significantly more expensive.
I read an article that
this neighborhood we're going to,
the average home price
10 years ago exactly was $800,000.
And just looking at Zillow
the last few days
the average is $1.5 to $2 million.
-Where we're going right now?
-Where we're going right now.
And you're getting us into arguably
the nicest neighborhood in the whole area.
Arguably all of Northwest Arkansas.
-It's the nicest one I've seen.
-And we got gate access?
We do.
-And you got a connection?
-We're gonna talk to Jim.
-Jim.
-Very cool guy.
-Jim's got stories?
-You'll love him. He's got stories.
-All right. We're in, guys.
-What's this place called again?
Pinnacle Hills Country Club.
They start getting much bigger
there near the golf course.
[Jacob] Kind of a Tuscan style.
Beautiful back here.
-So this is all Walmart money pretty much?
-A lot of it.
-Walmart related money.
-Walmart vendors.
There's the course.
-So you're saying these are $1.82 million?
They got to be more than that.
Oh, some of them are closer to four.
-What's your connection to Jim?
I met Jim at that startup office
that we went to earlier.
He's a great guy. He's easy to like.
Told him about how
I was studying at the U of A.
Interested in entrepreneurship.
He said he's always happy to help.
So he's just a good mentor for people
around here and he's done a lot.
-What did he do? What was his business?
So he's invested in a variety of things.
One of his biggest projects
was Good Day Farms,
which is a big dispensary.
-Weed dispensary?
-Yeah.
Spread across several states.
You'll have to ask him
what his early start was.
But he's in law
and he has his own law firm here.
[Jim] Welcome to Arkansas!
Have you been here long?
A couple of days.
Nice to meet you.
Thanks for meeting up with us.
Yeah, absolutely.
We bought this house a couple months ago,
so we're working on…
We've got new windows coming in,
so it's a little beat up.
-It's beautiful.
Great. Let's put the mic on you,
if you don't mind.
-Jacob's out. Jim's in.
-Okay.
-How do we do that?
-Like that
-How you been?
-Wonderful.
Good to see you, man.
You been out here before?
You been out for doing some things
the last couple of days?
We've been cruising Bentonville today.
-Oh, good.
-It's a first for me.
Oh, good. Good deal. They said that
he tried to get you to come down.
-Shoes off?
-No, you're fine. Don't worry about it.
-You just moved in here?
-We sure did.
And the funny thing is
we bought this from Rob Walton.
-Sam's son.
-Yeah, he's his oldest son.
[Peter] Okay. Fantastic.
It's a really entertaining house.
Our kids are grown. We're empty nesters,
so we wanted a house where we could
entertain and have people out here.
And so this is kind of the guest area.
This is our bedroom and all that.
And this is an exercise area that
we're kind of converting into
a wellness room for compression
and all that kind of stuff.
-It's the hall of mirrors.
-That's right.
-Yeah.
-A little fun house vibe in there.
-Uh-huh.
And then this is the main bath.
This is our bathroom.
Got a closet in here
that my wife is real happy with.
-Oh, that's what you need to do.
Yeah. She's loving it.
So she's real happy to have a place
to lay out all the clothes and things.
So is this the final home, Jim?
Is this the one you were striving for?
I think I'll go feet first out on this one.
Yeah, this'll do it for me.
This is kind of,
we call it the library room.
But I smoke some cigars and stuff.
So we've got cigars and things in here.
We're three minutes
up the street is our office.
We're in Miss Hunt's tower.
Have a real easy commute.
But this is as you can tell,
I like fireplaces and things like that.
Just a little area upstairs here
that, where we like to hang out.
-When we've got friends over.
-Cool little cove there.
Yeah. Yep.
And then this is…
-Yeah, this is our…
-This is the hangout room?
This is where we hang out.
And as Jacob knows, I like music and
got my record player
and all this stuff out here.
And we come out here and listen to music.
We'll have a listen up out here sometimes.
-You putting your dance on here?
We've got four chairs
we've got to put together this weekend.
We were gonna make it a speakeasy,
but decided to just keep it the way it is.
-I like it.
-I tried. Yeah.
You know, we watched March Madness
and everything up here.
-Okay. So this part of the state, actually
the state in general is the first for me.
Northwestern Arkansas. Heard of it.
Yeah, we're up on the hill,
up on the top of the Ozark mountains.
-Knew that Walmart was here,
but had no understanding
that it was this opulent
and so much going on.
So much entrepreneurial energy.
It's really doing really great and it has…
And that's part of the Waltons,
and Tysons, and Hunts, and all of them.
They were so far from central Arkansas
that the legislature,
the politics, and all that is down there.
And so back in the day,
it was really hard to get up here.
You didn't have interstate,
you didn't have highways.
And so those guys all got together
and built up their companies
And so I think that's a big part.
-So they, they were remote enough where
they didn't have as much interference.
Well, they didn't have
as much interference,
but they also didn't probably have
as much support,
as you would have from when
you're trying to get funding and things.
And so they are more for-profit,
more entrepreneurial,
and I think they just
all got together and said,
we're gonna build something here
and they really did.
-Oh, there you go.
-But we have kind of an English garden.
It's private, you know, to be so close to
all the hustle and bustle of downtown
northwest Arkansas,
which is how I look at Pinnacle Hills.
And then you come here,
it's really relaxing.
-So you've lived here
for a long time, right?
-Yeah, I've lived in
northwest Arkansas for 26 years.
-You've done well with business.
-Uh-huh.
Is it just smooth sailing
in this part of the state?
Like, you guys aren't really
thinking about the rest of the country,
or you're sort of in your own bubble?
I think we're a part of the state
that's more Midwestern than Southern.
Because we have so many people that have
moved up here to work various things.
And the heritage that
you typically see in a Southern state is…
You have first, second,
third generation money up here.
And in other parts of the state,
you have hundreds of years, you know, of…
-Like Little Rock has that old money.
-That's right.
-Here doesn't have that old money?
-I mean, no.
When you look at Miss Hunt,
she's first generation.
And then you look at the Waltons,
and they're second and third.
And Tyson is third.
It is really hard
for you not to succeed here
if you want to come here and succeed
and you've got the right mindset
on where your place should be,
where you want to fit in.
You've got to want it
more than somebody else.
Somebody can't want you to succeed
more than you.
You've got to want to do it.
You may be really disadvantaged.
And for some people it's not in the cards,
and for others it is.
And I don't know
what really separates that.
-Did you come from money or no?
No. Not at all.
I mean, I came from rural Arkansas.
I was in a town that had a nuclear plant,
so we had engineers and things.
But my family had a very small
Ace Hardware…
Well it was Orgill Brothers Hardware store.
Local hardware store back then.
And people asked me did you know
you always wanted to be a lawyer?
And I said I just knew
I didn't want to sell hardware.
Then I went to school,
went to law school, became a CPA.
I was working with
the biggest firm in the state.
In about 1998, they said, hey, we need…
It's funny, 'cause they said we need to
open up an office in northwest Arkansas.
And said, we think that the heyday of it,
the real boom of it has already happened,
but we think it's gonna be
a nice, stable place to be.
-'Course, this was almost 30 years ago.
-Okay.
Had no idea. And the world just took off.
And so I said I don't know.
I do mergers and acquisitions
in private equity and venture capital,
and my wife does family office
and estate planning and things like that.
And so I said, I don't know that
there's enough deal work to do up there.
They said, well, go up there and look.
So it was the fall of 1999.
I came down here one weekend.
We were playing Tennessee in football,
and we beat them at the very end.
And we tore the goalpost down,
took them down to Dixon Street.
And I said, this is kind of cool.
This'll probably be okay.
And so I moved up here in August of 2000.
In 2011, started our own gig.
Venture capital and private equity
and those sorts of things
really started having more of a play,
more involvement about 2015, 2017, 2018.
Nothing like it is now and nothing like
you're gonna see 10 years from now.
-You're optimistic?
-I'm extremely optimistic.
I don't think there's any place in America,
to be candid with you, that is like we are.
I mean, I've been
an ardent student of Silicon Valley
and deals my whole life.
And I tell people, I think as trite
or as silly as it may say,
I feel like we're about at the Atari stage
of Silicon Valley, you know.
-But I mean,
the majority of venture is there.
-Currently.
-It is, yeah.
-And it's almost an ideology.
-Yeah.
How would you bridge that over to here?
Because up there you had,
it all started with Fairchild Semiconductor
and the semiconductor industry and space.
And it goes into data and
SAS and all that technology.
And here you have retail tech
and becoming health tech and becoming CPG
and logistics and supply chain.
Downtown Bentonville
kinda feels a bit like that Palo Alto feel
about in between all that sort of stuff
and the people that are there today
are making a lot of difference.
If you study entrepreneurs,
if you understand what people go through
and what people deal with
and the struggles.
And these people are famous. You know.
Jim Walton or Alice or Stuart or Tom
or any of those family members are out,
not only engaging in the city,
and growing the city,
but being a part of it.
You know, that's inspiring.
-Where do you think we're going?
Let's just say the country.
There's a lot of doom and gloom,
like with AI,
young people can't find work,
that sort of thing.
Do you feel like that's the case here or?
Well, I think we're resilient.
I think people are resilient.
And I think people figure out
how to do things.
What was unfortunate, in my opinion,
of course, I'm a kid of the '70s and '80s.
The issue that I got out of COVID
is that when everybody went remote,
you know, we're humans,
and when everybody went remote,
I had a son in college
and a son in high school at that time.
And that was a difficult challenging time
to go into something that nobody
had ever really been in before.
There was an opportunity to get
a lot of government support
that never existed before
and probably won't ever exist again.
And once you get that kind of injection,
it kind of becomes how challenging
is it to get back in the office,
or get back in the factory,
get back in the facility
and get back to work?
You're still trying to figure yourself out.
And how much of that
was really reality for the long term
versus, you know, I'm a capitalist.
I mean, I think I am.
I mean, I think people… I like to work.
You know, I like to be engaged,
and I like to kind of make my own way.
I think everybody
most all day every day has something
subliminal in the back of their head
of a certain degree of uncertainty
that there's just so much
weirdness going on in the world right now
that it is on everybody's mind
at some degree.
And I think it affects everything you do.
I don't think most people
sit around and stew about it
as much as they sit around
and kind of wonder, when is this gonna end?
Whatever "it" is, when is "it" gonna end?
And I don't know
that anybody really knows what…
When is the war gonna end?
When is interest rate gonna go down?
All these all these
different sorts of things.
When are issues of Washington
gonna calm down?
Or, you know, a lot of us are gonna say,
when's it gonna get normal again?
-The real question is what is normal?
-Yeah. When did it get abnormal?
Hmm. When did it get abnormal?
It's kind of like the book 1984.
When you read 1984
in high school in the '80s
and you go like,
wow, Big Brother's watching.
It's like, wow,
how is that ever gonna happen?
And then most of that, for all practical
purposes probably exists today,
but it didn't happen overnight.
It happened over three, four, five,
ten decades, however long it took.
Most kids have a certain optimism
on how life is gonna be.
And then you become an adult
and you gotta work
and you gotta support yourself
and you gotta support your family
and you've got to do all these things.
I think most of us would say,
if I'd have known it was
gonna be this hard to be an adult,
I probably would have
played a lot harder when I was a kid.
You know what I mean?
[Peter] Yeah, Jim made a great point
about when's it gonna get back to normal?
Like everyone sort of feels like
something's a bit off.
-Yeah.
-Do you feel that?
I think we do feel that.
I think my generation feels that.
And every day we get on social media
and we scroll for hours
and a lot of it is news
that is not positive news.
And you kind of just get
this gloomy feel on life
and you see it every day.
It's just reinforced.
But I'd love to have the world
kind of break out of that
and meet up again
and just kind of everyone get along.
I'm kind of sick of the divisive rhetoric.
You can blame a lot of it on the media.
And different sources that we get it from,
and I think all of us
are way more in common than you think.
Oh, for sure.
And that's important
to keep in mind in today's world.
So most of your generation,
I don't talk to too many of you guys.
That's why I was excited
when you reached out.
Of course.
But most of your classmates,
friends, feel like that same sentiment or?
-I would say so. Yeah.
-Okay.
If you didn't look at any of it, right?
And we had our day today. We're showing
the real nice stuff, obviously.
You'd be like everything's great,
people are smiling, holding doors open.
-Right?
-Absolutely.
I don't feel like this
coming apart feeling,
but then you sort of feel it
in the back of your mind.
-Like he was saying, like you were saying…
-Nationwide.
Yeah, right?
I think it's worldwide, to be honest.
Yeah, It's not just the US.
Everything feels a bit off.
At least my international friends
that I've talked to.
I agree.
-[Peter] What do I think of the drones?
-Yeah, the drones.
You know, honestly,
it doesn't get me excited.
-Really?
-Here's why.
I don't like things buzzing above me.
Well…
What's the story here? What's going on?
Basically, we're contracted with Walmart
and we are delivering product for Walmart
within a three mile radius
of this neighborhood Walmart.
-No way.
-Yeah.
-Okay, so that's happening now.
-Wow.
-Yeah, we're live.
We're live?
Picking three orders.
Okay, so the mechanics of this,
somebody buys something in Walmart online.
You can either go from the Walmart app
or the Wing app specifically.
-Okay, you're gonna bring
the product out here
and attach it to the drone?
Is that how that works?
Well, yeah, basically an order comes in
and then we have a team
that picks and packs and then comes out
and then loads the aircraft.
-And how much weight can that thing fly?
-About two and a half pounds.
-Okay, and it goes right to
someone's house on their doorstep?
Not necessarily on the doorstep,
but it will go to their location.
When it's descending, it has
obstacle avoidance for trees and stuff.
It finds a clear spot basically.
And then it will
with the winch system aligned,
it will then lower the line
with the package that's on it.
Okay.
And then it places it on the ground.
The hook comes off
and the reel's back up
and it locks
and then the drone takes back off.
Below 400 feet.
You can't be higher than 400 feet
when you're flying a drone.
-That's per FAA.
-Okay.
-But say you're above my property, right?
-Yes.
You can't fly a drone
like two feet over my head, obviously.
-Oh, no.
-What's the minimum?
For our flight operations,
I mean, takeoff could be,
you know, 150 feet, something like that.
When it gets to location and lowers down,
it doesn't go below 25 feet.
-Is this getting popular?
-Oh, yeah. Very much so.
How long you guys been doing it for?
For here in this area specifically
with Wing,
Wing's been here for almost a year.
Here.
Drone delivery in this area
has been going on for several years now.
-That's wild.
Yeah. It's a big thing. It's catching.
-You're excited?
-I am. I love this.
It's fascinating.
Yeah. My background,
I have 20 plus years in IT.
And when COVID hit,
it locked everything down, right?
So I'm remoting from the couch and stuff.
I'm just like, I got to get outside.
So, I picked up a drone.
And I got my,
what's called a Part 107 certification.
It's a requirement for us
to be able to fly commercially.
So, I got that and then I started flying
that drone around the neighborhood
to be able to get out.
And I just liked it so much. I love
the technology and I just pursued that.
You plug in an address,
they automatically fly there?
No human is flying it?
Well, the system,
there is a pilot in command at all times.
-There's a pilot flying each one?
-Yes.
-Is he in the Philippines or where?
-No, no, no.
I mean, of course,
he's not at this location, but it's remote.
And the pilot will make sure
that the mission,
the flight operations is fine and stuff.
And of course, he's able to
make necessary maneuvers.
-Mission accomplished.
-Yeah.
So, sitting in
an office building somewhere.
Well, you know.
-It's top secret.
-Somewhere. [laughs]
All right. I appreciate it.
-No problem.
-All the best.
Thank you.
Yeah. I mean,
the technology of it, I think, is cool.
Look, it's a personal thing,
just like anything.
I don't know if most people
agree or disagree with me, but…
-It's all about convenience.
-I get it.
I just hate hearing those things overhead.
But some people don't care, I guess.
-They're not worried about it.
All right. Where are we going, Jacob?
We're gonna go to
the University of Arkansas campus.
Okay. For those that don't know
what a college campus is like these days,
like myself.
-We're gonna check it out.
-You're gonna see.
-It's a booming college campus.
-Booming?
How many students?
-35,000.
-Whoa.
-Big.
-Yeah.
Which is, like, 20% more
than just a few years ago.
Wow.
[Peter] So, what I wanted to touch on
before we sort of leave Walmartville,
the Bentonville that I just experienced
is not the Walmart experience
you see out in the world as much.
Like, out in the country.
And I get it. Walmart is also
a very controversial business
in the sense that a lot of people
attribute it to destroying small towns.
The Walmart goes in outside of town.
Yeah.
The small town
main street shops can't compete.
-Sure.
-They can't compete on prices.
You hollow out these towns.
-It's a double-edged sword.
-It is.
Because they offer something many parts
of the country, they need those things.
And they offer amazing prices.
-But then…
-Becomes more affordable.
But when it results in the small town
mom-and-pop shops closing,
you know,
saddens a lot of people, including myself.
-Yeah.
-So, it's like gentrification.
-There are two ways to look at it.
-Yeah.
Depending on where you stand,
it can be a great or a terrible thing.
And I think Walmart is one of those
controversial-type businesses.
But you guys are gung-ho Walmart
in this part of the country.
Like, no matter what, it's amazing
'cause it's adding so much into your lives.
It is.
It's made a huge difference on this area.
And it's just kind of what we're used to.
Right. So, you see
a whole different perspective than
a lot of the country.
If I was that small town shop
in Main Street, USA, tiny, tiny town,
I'm thinking differently
about Walmart than you guys…
-…who are getting all the goods of it.
-Sure.
It's more than just Walmart, though.
Any company is gonna price them out.
-Yes.
-Beyond Walmart.
And that's kind of just
the world that we live in.
It is.
There's no turning it back.
Those small businesses
are gonna struggle no matter what.
Yeah. It's true.
It's a bit of nostalgia, I guess.
-Which is hard.
-Right.
We kind of have to face the reality of it.
Those in-person experiences,
like going somewhere to shop,
are becoming less common.
I mean, a lot of my friends
deliver groceries to their dorm.
They don't even go out.
-Your friends aren't grocery shopping?
-They don't go to the grocery store, no.
They just order it and it gets delivered,
just like our food.
What do you think of that?
I don't know.
I think it just becomes another reason
that we stay stuck inside our own homes
and not going out interacting with people,
being in the public.
Overall, I see it as a bad thing.
It's kind of this convenience world
that we've created.
But if people buy it
they're gonna keep building that out.
-Right.
-So, it's gonna be there no matter what.
I prefer to just go to the grocery store
as my family always has.
I enjoy going to local restaurants.
I don't want to order on my phone.
-All right. This is all university?
-This is University of Arkansas.
How much does it cost to go here?
-In-state it's $10,000 a year.
-Okay. That's pretty good.
Which is pretty affordable
compared to other major universities.
And then it's about
double that out-of-state.
I'm gonna take you down Sorority Row.
They have beautiful houses.
-Is that where you hang out, Jacob?
-From time to time.
My girlfriend's in Sorority.
I'll show you her house.
But, this one's been around for 150 years.
-Oh, look at these. These are sororities?
These are sorority houses.
So, students live in there.
-They're huge. They're like mansions.
-They're humongous.
You have to pay a lot extra
to go there, right?
-Thousands a year.
-Thousands. Okay.
And that's if you're not living there.
-Look at these gates.
-Those are the Pi Phi gates.
Kind of like the entrance to university.
-This is a bougie college, bougie campus.
It's nice.
This is my girlfriend's sorority.
-This one?
-Yep.
Jeez. How are the rooms inside?
They're surprisingly small,
because you have to fit
a lot of girls in there, but very nice.
And there's like a large kitchen,
dining area.
-Are you having a good time here, Jacob?
-I'm having a great time.
This has been
the best few years of my life,
and I'm thankful for it.
-What year are you?
-I'm a junior.
-You want to stay on?
-I want to stay.
In fact, I could graduate at semester,
next semester, but I'm gonna try to stay.
-Okay. It goes on. More of those.
-There's more of those.
Jeez.
And I'll show you
some of the fraternity houses.
That's our on-campus hotel.
-On-campus hotel?
-Yep.
What programs is this school known for?
-The Sam Walton College of Business
is a ranked business school.
Specifically, our supply chain program
is number one.
-Supply chain program?
-We have a supply chain degree.
I think it's number one in the country.
So this is part of the flywheel.
Get kids into university here.
Get them into work at Walmart.
They emphasize some of those programs.
-I mean, supply chain program.
-Yeah. It's very relevant to this area.
-Here's a frat house.
-They don't look as nice. The frat houses.
-No, but they're still…
-Looks like an Asian buffet up there.
They're still big. Yeah.
-It's got those curtains.
-There's a rooftop.
-Is this a frat?
-It is.
That's Kappa Sig.
Do you guys still do hazing?
Is that a thing?
You'll have to ask them. I'm not in a frat.
-But I think it's…
-Jacob, you know the answer.
I think it's toned down a little bit.
-It's not as wild as it was.
-It's not like a few decades ago.
Here's our institute of research.
-This place?
-Yeah.
Nice.
-Pretty new building.
When I started, this wasn't here.
-Is this the biggest campus in the state?
-For sure. By far.
This is the Clinton House and Museum.
-Bill Clinton's house?
-You can visit. It's open to the public.
He lived here when he was younger.
Okay, why has he got a house on campus?
These are normal houses now?
-These are normal houses.
-Okay. So we're right out of campus.
But these are dorms.
-Okay.
Very nice dorms.
-What's up, guys?
-What's up?
Good. What's going on here?
-Crawfish boil.
-We're making a video. Is that cool?
-Yeah. You good.
Your shirt, where you get that from?
-What do you got?
-Are you recording the campus?
Crawfish boil.
Are you guys part of this? You're cooking?
No. We're not cooking.
We got vendors cooking it.
-You guys go to university here?
-Yes, sir.
-Nice. How is it?
-It's fun.
This is the person
that puts the crawfish boil on.
-End of year. This is it.
-Yeah. End of year.
This is the last day of class.
Jacob, you skipped the last day of class?
-I did skip the last day of class.
-Nice. Thanks, buddy.
-But it was worth it.
-Appreciate it.
-Who's this guy?
-This is Zach.
-Zach.
-Pleasure to meet you.
-The legend.
-Yes.
-That's what they say.
-Living legend.
The streets say.
Zach, so last day of school,
your boy didn't show up for class.
What do you think about that?
I think that really says a lot
about his work ethic
and the kind of character that he has.
It does.
-I got my stuff figured out.
-All right.
If you don't figure it out by now
then you're done for finals.
-Should we go down there, guys?
-Let's go to the Greek Theater.
-Zack what do you studying?
-Data science.
All right. How's that going?
-It's going great.
-Are you gonna work for Walmart?
-It's a possibility. I'd rather not.
-It is.
I'm actually more interested in working on
the complete opposite end
of the spectrum in the startup world.
Oh, there you go. Like Jacob.
Yeah. Like Jacob.
That's actually how
me and Jacob originally met.
-Oh, that's cool.
Jacob, why is everyone dressed up?
It's formal season.
So a lot of the sororities are gonna have
formals these last few weeks of school.
They go out and party all together.
Dress up.
-It's a thing.
-Do that thing.
-Do that thing. It's fun.
-Okay.
They're having a good time already.
A lot of people come out here
and study when it's nice.
Okay.
We have concerts here
for students for free.
This is kind of one of the meeting places.
-Okay. One of the hot spots.
-Yeah.
Are you from Arkansas?
I was born in Kansas.
So what's your take on things?
You seem pretty fired up about life
and work and startups.
I'm so fired up. I'm obviously biased,
but I think this is the place to be.
Especially as far as middle America goes,
you know, from my perspective
in the work that I do,
and I'm sure Jacob can attest to this,
we get labeled as a flyover state.
-Yeah.
-Or "emerging market", quote unquote.
And I think that kind of
extends past just business.
I think it can be said of
a lot of like social trends.
Okay.
And education.
-But you don't agree with it?
-I don't agree with it.
I'm fortunate enough to get to see
a very cool side of what's going on.
I think there are a lot of people that are
finding what they like to do
and how they can make an impact
in the world,
both locally, regionally, here in Arkansas,
especially in the Fayetteville,
Bentonville area, and beyond.
I will say a big part of that is because of
the companies like Walmart.
I feel like there's so much talent,
curiosity, and creativity here.
And people are like finally
starting to get that edge to them.
Like, oh, I want to do this.
I want to make something happen.
From the outside,
if you're looking at the Internet,
maybe not the best way
to understand the world.
I try to grab the real life and put it
on the Internet, but most of the Internet,
a lot of it is made for clickbait,
trigger emotions, dopamine.
If you're to be in that world, you'd think
the younger 20,
mid 20 somethings, men especially,
doom and gloom, no opportunity,
they're all crying in their pillows,
but you're saying no.
I say no.
And I think that's a subjective choice that
every individual has to make to an extent.
And I think you can find
doom and gloom anywhere in the world,
but I will say it's admittedly easier
when you're in a more impoverished,
less educated,
less progressive state around here.
There may be more to be gloomy about,
but that being said,
there is so, so much out here that…
-When you're in this environment
that I've seen today, it's like…
It'd be harder to be all bummed out 'cause
it looks like there's a lot happening.
Oh my gosh, yes.
And look at how beautiful this campus is.
-You have a stunning campus.
-It is beautiful.
There's an out-of-state enrollment,
I don't want to say problem,
but some sort of controversy here.
I would go so far as to say
most of this campus is not from Arkansas.
They're from Texas, Missouri.
Okay, so what's the problem?
The problem is there's a question of if…
There's already been a question
that does University of Arkansas cater to
a very small part of
the Arkansas population,
being in this Northwest world?
-Abandoning the rest of the state.
-The rest of the state.
Why, because they don't have
the grades to get in here or what?
You're just picking people
with the best grades, right?
Uh-huh. And it's also a funding problem,
and the university is working a lot
to counter that.
Oh, out-of-state tuition versus in-state.
-Yes.
-Got you.
All right, are we crashing the party?
-You can crash the party if you want to.
-This is a big deal.
-This is over the top.
So we're catching it at the right time.
-[woman] Are we vlogging?
-We're vlogging.  Do you want to jump in?
-Yes!
-Okay, what's going on, you guys?
Welcome to the University of Arkansas.
-This is our spring formal.
-We're freshmen.
-You're freshmen.
Okay, it's gonna go by quick.
Just want to let you know that.
So have a good time.
-You're Peter?
-Yeah. What's your name?
-I'm Knox.
-Knox!
-I love your stuff, man.
-Thanks. I appreciate it.
One of my favorites was Alabama.
Fairhope, that was awesome.
-Okay, what's going on right now?
-So it's a sorority formal.
And basically what you do is
like homecoming or prom.
You just dress up, go on a date.
Maybe you eat, maybe you don't.
They're all taking pictures,
and then we'll go to like a hotel or…
-Do you got a date tonight?
-I do. Yeah.
-Are you pretty pumped?
-I am pretty pumped. She's cool.
-First date?
-Friends of friends. Yeah, all good.
-It's a friend.
-Yeah for now. Who knows?
-So you might…
-Who knows? Yeah.
By the time this video goes out,
we'll know if you crossed a line or not.
-How long does it usually take?
-A few weeks.
Thanks for watching.
I appreciate you, brother.
Good luck with everything.
-Have fun tonight, man.
-Yeah, enjoy the night.
So these are all sorority members, right?
-Yeah.
-Okay.
Their dates don't have to be.
Okay, the dates…
So like me, I'm not in a frat.
-Where are all the guys?
That's the question.
-They're doing their own thing.
Where are the dates?
They're supposed to be taking pictures.
-All right.
-They should be here.
This guy's rocking it. Look at this guy.
Dude, I just got to commend you
for rocking the middle part in the stash.
-Dude, it looks good.
-Thanks, man.
-Have fun. Live this up.
-We're a thruple right here.
-The thruple?
-Yes, the thruple.
-You two…
-I just met them.
-It's me and her and then…
Okay.
It's a lot of polyamory here?
Is that what you're saying?
-Polygamy, too.
-Polygamy.
90% of the U of A campus
around here is very polygamous.
-I've read that.
-Yeah.
The statistics are pretty…
-Are there some cult vibes around here?
-Oh, yeah. Definitely.
Yeah. A little bit. Okay.
Being a Hog fan is like a cult, really.
I wish I was a Hog fan.
Are you guys from Arkansas?
I'm from…
[Peter] Oh!
[loud music coming from motorcycle]
[Peter] Yeah, brother!
[bike revs and speeds off]
Did you guys see that?
He just lifted the back end
of a motorcycle up.
That was the most
Chicano thing I've ever seen.
There's a good Chicano population.
-Are you serious?
-Especially in Springdale.
-You got lowriders?
-Yeah. Oh, there's lowriders.
I've done a bunch of videos
with those guys.
-Are you serious?
-Yeah. East LA.
Oh, dude. That's awesome.
That's like the capital
of the United States.
I went in deep.
This is wild. You guys are having fun.
Why don't you guys get in there?
I already did it.
This is a weeks long thing.
-It's a week's long?
-They can't do it all at once
or Fayetteville would explode.
-It would just blow up.
-They can't book all the places at once.
-They got like a schedule going.
-Yeah.
[students chattering]
Your campus is like
a European city or something.
-It's beautiful.
-Like a beautiful European city.
-Look at these buildings and these squares.
-Yeah.
This is the oldest building on campus.
It's called Old Main.
At one point was the only building, right?
-Yeah. This was the whole campus
starting out right here.
If you see the two clock towers,
the one facing north
is a little higher than the south.
And there's an urban legend
that that's because the
Northwest Arkansas community
supported the North in the Civil War
while the rest of the state
supported the South.
-Interesting.
I don't know if I have a source on that,
but it's what people say.
Historians are gonna be all over you
in the comments for that claim.
Uh-huh. They can attack me.
-Bring it.
-It's a story that still gets told.
[Jacob] So we're going through
older neighborhoods in Fayetteville
that have been here for decades.
So it's kind of not the lavish
new builds that you see…
-This house is my best friend's.
…more character.
-So this is your middle class?
-This is just everyday…
Yeah, and we got an elementary school.
-Right. 'Cause people are gonna see this
and think everyone is super wealthy.
-No. That's not the case.
-That's never the case.
The theme of this video is showing
the prosperous side of Arkansas.
It doesn't show everything.
Keep that in mind.
They'll be like, "I grew up in Fayetteville
and it's not all like that."
It's definitely not all like this.
And things have changed so fast that
it's hard for the older locals to keep up.
-I bet.
-People who have been here
their whole lives change the ways.
But, like, students live in these.
This is student housing.
-What's your guys' rent like
in a place like that?
-So it's been going up the past few years.
But I'd say average is
$800 or $900 a month up to…
-For a one bedroom?
-For each kid.
-Oh, okay.
-And it's kind of individualized.
So in a house,
you have four bedrooms, it's gonna be $800?
We each pay $800 or $900.
Some of the nicer ones are $1,200.
It is known that there's
a housing and parking shortage here.
-And that's a part of the reason
why prices have gone up so much
so quickly in recent years.
I also pay like $800 a month
for my bedroom in my apartment
which is kind of ridiculous.
-These are all brand new builds.
-That's wild.
Targeted towards students.
[Peter] Who do we have in the back, Jacob?
So not only do we have Zach,
we have my lovely lady, Jocelyn.
-Jocelyn's in the mix.
-She's joining us.
Nice to see you guys.
-And you guys were saying off camera,
homework, how much a week?
I spend a few hours a week on homework.
Yeah, I'd agree.
I usually do all my stuff on Sunday.
If not, maybe one hour a day.
-Are you serious?
-Yeah.
That's all you guys do
in university these days?
-Yeah. You go to class.
-That's all you have to do.
That's basically…
-Okay. So you're using the LLMs,
that sort of stuff?
-It's just common knowledge at this point?
-We don't just copy and paste it.
Well, I'll even ask it everyday questions.
It's not always for school.
It just knows me at this point.
I feel like I talk to it
more than Jacob sometimes.
-No, that's so sad. Talk to Jacob more.
-Yeah, yeah.
-But it's true.
We use it for a lot of stuff.
That's so wild.
So you guys don't have to do,
like your term papers
are not super painful now.
I wouldn't say I use it for everything.
It really just depends on the assignment.
-Okay.
-Or the word count sometimes.
I'm like, give me filler words
for so-and-so.
But main ideas.
-And then grammar, spelling,
you don't have to know that anymore.
-You just run it through.
-Yeah.
That being said though, I mean, you got
to come on test day knowing your stuff.
-Like I use…
-That's the difference.
…GPT's study and quiz tools
to help me study.
Yeah. They'll make you flashcards,
a whole Quizlet, everything.
Especially, I take math classes.
Like you can't GPT your way through
a math or other like
engineering and STEM courses.
But it's like a great study tool and it
helps you work efficiently, I would say.
I can just put my lecture notes in
and be like, give me a study guide for this
and put the points that the module
will give me for the study guide.
If I put that in there, it'll give me
exactly what I need for the test.
-Makes studying a lot quicker.
-Yeah.
And I will add on
from the data science department,
like working in the tech field,
our department from last year
to this year, almost like flipped.
It was very anti AI, like don't use AI.
And now they want you to use it.
Yeah. You're like required to use it
in a lot of courses now.
-Because it's changed a lot.
And they think you're going to be behind
if you don't know how to use it.
[Jacob] Wright's Barbecue.
[Zach] Peter, have you been to KC?
Kansas City.
-Got to go?
-Got to go.
Some say this is
the best barbecue in the world.
-But Kansas City has the best.
-You got it better in KC?
-Make sure the camera gets that.
-I got it on.
-What's your order, Jacob?
-I usually get CBR.
It's a smoked chicken and chopped
burnt end sandwich all mixed together.
-Cheese, tomatoes, onions.
-Oh, nice.
Jalapeno, pickles.
-[Jacob] It gets better.
-All of the above.
-Look at that.
[Peter] That's the pork, right?
[Jacob] Yeah. Those are burnt ends,
so they'll chop them up.
[chopping]
And sauce it up.
[Peter] There we go. Nice.
[chopping]
-CBR.
-Chopped burnt ends on there.
Jacob, you're the man today.
Bring me around.
-Really nice.
-Anytime you want to come back.
Thanks for coming.
Come on. Can't beat this.
How did you two lovebirds meet each other?
-Second grade.
-Yep.
You've been dating since second grade?
No, sophomore year.
I had to chase him. He didn't like me.
-We've been best friends since then.
-You chased him?
Long time.
-Jacob played hard to get?
-Oh, 100%. Yeah.
-A little bit.
Got with all my friends
and then made his way back around.
-You dated all her friends first?
-Cut that out.
-No, keep that. That's the best part.
-[laughter]
-It's 'cause I was waiting for her.
-Yeah.
-It's all about timing.
-We've been together for five years.
-Go to school together. It's the dream.
Yep.
[Peter] All right, guys. Dig in.
This is the money shot right here, dude.
I feel like that's gonna eat you.
It might.
It's me versus the sandwich.
Drown it out.
-Got to sauce up the bread, too.
That's good stuff.
-[Peter] Little Smashing Pumpkins.
Feeling it.
-Do you guys know this music?
-I do. Yeah.
-Went to the concert in Rogers.
-Get in there, Zach.
-Make it messy.
-Oh.
That's so good.
They got me right with the jalapeno sauce.
-They got you right?
-They got me right. Uh-huh.
Jacob, sorry to interrupt,
but not so sorry, hold that for one second.
-Yeah, come on. Sauce it up.
-Let's go bold.
Let's do a little bold action here.
[giggling]
Here we go, Jacob.
-Initial thoughts?
-Oh, yeah.
How is it?
-Got to rate it on a scale.
-Uh-huh.
That's tender chicken. That's a 9.5.
-9.5.
-Wow. 9.5.
-Yeah. Soft bun.
-I love that.
Little kick with the sauce.
-Yeah.
-Just perfect.
-Bold.
-Digging it.
That's exquisite, man.
Yeah.
I got to say, guys, it's cool hanging out
with the Gen Z cohort.
-I'm glad you think it's cool.
-Yeah. I'm digging this.
-You should do it more.
-Making you feel young.
Surprised to see you guys
have a Dollar General.
The Walmart mafia
doesn't have a complete grip on the state.
Not completely.
The only other stores besides Walmart
we've got is Costco and Trader Joe's,
and they're in Little Rock.
-You don't have a Costco over here?
-Nope. Nothing.
Closest is four and a half hours away.
Yeah.
Sam's Club and Walmart.
And this is what?
700,000 people in this area?
-Mm-hmm.
-Yeah.
-It's just not acceptable up here, huh?
-Nah.
-Deep roots.
-They own this land.
Land of the free, home of the Walmart.
DG's surviving, man.
-Shout out to DG. Hanging by a thread.
-Shout out to DG.
They're like, we're still here.
We got something to offer, too, guys.
Come on. We can do this.
There's no drones from the DG,
though, to your house, guaranteed.
That thing would fall out of the sky.
-Uh-huh. Literally.
-Uh-Like, immediately.
What do you got here, Jacob?
This is my list of concerts
that I've attended throughout my life and…
-Pearl Jam, nice.
So, it's still growing,
but I'm pretty proud of it.
A few people have passed away since,
like, Juice WRLD, which is really sad.
-311, they're still around?
311's coming to Rogers this year.
-You're a Swifty.
-Swifty.
-He did it for you?
-I brought him, yeah.
-Okay.
It's a very diverse list of artists,
all different genres, but I'm proud of it.
It's what I love to do.
It just keeps going.
Wait, you have some ones you want to go to.
These are wish lists.
-Kings of Leon.
Tyler Childers, Strokes.
You gonna make that happen?
I'm gonna make it happen. I'm gonna have
the best list of anyone that ever lived.
Okay, so music right now,
I'm always asking Gen Z,
like, what should I listen to?
Nobody's really told me anything amazing.
No offense.
What's the new music
that I need to be listening to?
New music?
-I would high-key say, like,
if you want the real Gen Z experience,
like, go on SoundCloud
and see what's trending.
Well, for you guys, though.
You're listening to more of,
like, Pearl Jam, The Killers.
I like 90s alt rock.
I'm, like, an early 2000s girl.
I've been listening to a lot of indie.
I feel like whatever I grew up on
is what I like to listen to.
It makes me, not that I'm old,
but it makes me feel like I'm a kid again.
-It's like nostalgia.
-Yeah.
-Guys, that was awesome.
Jacob, you're the man.
You're the man.
Thank you, brother.
Of course. Thanks for coming.
-And Toby.
-And Toby. Shout out, Dad.
You guys came in at the end.
Thanks for that.
-That was awesome.
-This was the best.
Anything else you want to say?
Come visit Arkansas. We have a great state.
Not just Northwest Arkansas,
but the whole state.
-Okay.
-It's a beautiful place.
You're setting me up because,
guys, big Arkansas series right now.
-All over the state.
-Yes, sir.
We got Little Rock.
We got Pine Bluff.
We got Northwest here. We got deep Ozark.
-And then we finish up with Delta.
-Got to do it all.
-So five different looks at the state.
-Yeah. Different feel.
And today, I gotta say,
quite a surprise for me.
I didn't expect to see it like this.
It was really, really interesting.
-All right, guys.
-Awesome. Cheers.
Thanks for coming along on that journey.
Until the next one.
[jazz music]